that's good kill here you go Travis I
heard how much you loved last guys
microphone so I got you another Louise
nine four two eight where are you from
and what's your microphone sound like I
travel come from a very shitty country
which I don't mention I'm not from the
US okay you don't want to mention your
country ah my microphone doesn't sound
too well does it no it's it's okay we
can understand you um no it's pretty
shitty okay your country shitty so
you're ashamed too much should we paint
on your country I've heard people I
don't want to say like they're nervous
about saying the city they're from you
know it I don't know if we've ever had
anybody not to say the state but you're
you're literally like I don't want to
tell you anywhere about the country that
I'm in yeah yeah well Travis you tell
you the truth I'm from Venezuela
Venezuela very cool it's well I'm happy
to have you on the show I'm in South
America I would like to but I've met the
Venezuelan people before they're amazing
and you seem amazing too and I'm excited
to hear what you thought was amazing in
2017 do you know what was amazing well I
want to be people in twitch chat and
reddit you get sad when tears and losses
write me
I guess so creamed and so happy when
that when those glues okay so
what do you were stopped I'm a few G AC
9 RG + KP pen I love those teams and I
love afro I love sneaky I love so many
other players and when I saw double ik
walk into crown and just died I laugh so
far because I do really so what when
you're you've described why you're a fan
of other teams is there a reason why you
don't like TSM and I hate how cocky
Haunter is I hate how overrated Bjork
sin is and
even though I I really like doublelift
and I more or less respecting I've I've
been so angry at him at how much he he
chokes internationally okay well you
should be happier chunks internationally
because you want to yes on to fail well
not anymore
no I also hate reginal okay okay it's
nothing change don't have to address
though what's their social media guy
like about Reggie you said that Han sir
is too cocky and Furyk is overrated but
what do you do well good luck on the
topic of Haunter yeah I think that
concert is not even a top four top laner
he's not even going to be top five this
spring okay ahead of them number one
someday numbers two three and four is
gonna be between flame darshan and who
me or head then it's gonna be haunts
were right there because I'm seriously
if a solid tank player who does his job
but yes he way management it has the he
can play carries in fact concert is the
very definition of the na J's okay any
J's which every region in the world
makes a meal out of other than a okay
alright so to reiterate your 2017 the
highlight or 74u is watching TSM lose
yes in fact do you remember TSM at MSI
yes we got to see TSM blues to leave I
goddamn it I got is amazing I love Levi
so you guys love Levi twitch chat yeah
I'm sure they do it'll take a second how
so you obviously hate TSM and it seems
like it's all player related whereas I
feel like a lot of the times that people
hate TSM it's due to the other fans or
maybe like a single player do you hate
TSM at all for any of the reasons or is
it
much exclusively the players and staff
mmm and I also pay defense I think their
fans are autistic yeah artistic there's
no I didn't know and he's a science this
guy the thing is I met some really good
TSM some really good TSM fans some
really good talk but most of them like
the brings so many boneheaded up
penguins and social media and unread it
like people saying that arrow then in
this her to be MVP that hawser Shannon
someday he'll you guys even watch the
games so again the the topic of the show
was what you like the big moments for
you 2017 I'm concerned that the majority
recall is just coming into you listing
all the reasons why you don't like to
assume well I mean he came in he says
his favorite moments was the fact that
TSM failed twice international and then
we can't identify they had a pink a goal
lead against g2 and they could never
close yeah they're lost to flash wolves
the flash holes were so damn bad at
Worlds that yet TSM managed to be worse
than funding they lost then they were
also tied wait to miss it oh by the way
I like misfits but I think that people
kind of over rate him a bit because I
think it was more SKT being badder than
being really good but on TSN man I have
I'm still kind of angry a double but you
know I never liked him because he gives
have so many choking means now but ABC
just walking into a I didn't weigh
Victor to die when ABC that does not fly
hit the right time and you double it
yeah
great Louise thank you so much for the
call and thank you so much double it
we're making sure that TSM that's not
making out a group thanks Kay well thank
you so much nice for your call I'm so
definitely a different perspective I
think that some of the other callers we
had have had a chance to talk to you
tonight and it's nice to hear you know
the sort of reflective opinion you've
been able to share with us about 2013
yeah have a good one thanks man